Use the charmed-openstack-exporter snap (#85)
canonical/openstack-exporter-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md

make check-dashboard-updates    # check if there's a new dashboard from the upstream
make sync-dashboards            # update the dashboards from upstream
make clean                      # remove unneeded files
make build                      # build the charm
make integration                # run the tests defined in the integration subdirectory
```

Note: You can use a local snap exporter to use in the integration test by placing it in the root of
the repo and naming the snap file with the `charmed-openstack-exporter` prefix. When this happens,

> the `CHARM_SNAP_LOCATION` environment variable will detect the file and attach it as a resource.

Reviewer: The wording could be improved:

```suggestion
the Makefile will detect the file and save the path to the `CHARM_SNAP_LOCATION` environment variable.
With this environment variable set, the zaza test will attach this file as a resource.
```
